index.markdown, before:

---
title: Home
date: 2016-12-07 14:47:00 +11:00
landing:
  headline: Snack Better, <span class="green">Work Better.</span>
  sub text: Join the Gnibl Club for healthy, tasty snacks delivered to your office.
    Nourish your body and fuel your brain for a full and productive work day.
  cta: Try Gnibl for Free
clients:
- name: Employsure
  image: "/uploads/employsure-logo.png"
- name: Work Club Sydney
  image: "/uploads/workclub.png"
- name: SuperConcepts
  image: "/uploads/superconcepts.png"
- name: AMP
  image: "/uploads/AMP.png"
- name: AON
  image: "/uploads/aon.png"
- name: Insight Fundraising
  image: "/uploads/ificon.png"
about:
  intro: The only thing standing between you and nutritious nibbles are these three
    simple steps.
  steps:
  - header: Select Your Team Size
    sub text: We work with businesses big and small, who recognise that great teams
      deserve great snacks.
  - header: 'Select Your Subscription '
    sub text: We offer flexible delivery options so you can enjoy a nutritious snack
      drop every week, fortnight or month.
  - header: Delight in Delicious Snacks
    sub text: Your colleagues will love their healthy, delicious new snack options
      and they’ll have you to thank. No more trips to the supermarket or fumbling
      over receipts, just nutritious snacks delivered direct.
  cta: Join the Gnibl Club
promise header: Our promise
promise:
  employers:
  - header: Boost Office-Wide Productivity
    sub text: Power your team with the fuel they need to stay focused and productive.
    image: "/uploads/lightbulb.svg"
  - header: Recruiting and Retention
    sub text: Value your staff and become an employer of choice with an everyday perk
      that attracts top talent.
    image: "/uploads/checkboard.svg"
  - header: Excitement at Snack Time
    sub text: Enjoy a new and rotating range of genuinely healthy snacks in each delivery.
    image: "/uploads/rocket.svg"
  employees:
  - header: It Never Gets Old
    sub text: Look forward to something new with every delivery. A rotating range
      of snacks brings adventure back to the snack table.
    image: "/uploads/new.svg"
  - header: It’s Healthy!
    sub text: Trust us & our dietitian to care for your well-being whilst you take
      care of your deadlines.
    image: "/uploads/apple.svg"
  - header: " It’s Full of Goodness"
    sub text: 'We offer a variety of 15 or more full-size snackables in each delivery. '
    image: "/uploads/heart.svg"
products:
- name: Pure Coconut Water & Protein
  image: "/uploads/Raw%20C.png"
  is vegan?: true
  is high in protein?: true
  is dairy free?: true
  is gluten free?: false
  has no added sugar?: 
  custom feature: 
- name: Natural Popcorn with Sea Salt
  image: "/uploads/cobs-popcorn.png"
  is vegan?: true
  is high in protein?: false
  is dairy free?: false
  is gluten free?: true
  has no added sugar?: true
  custom feature: 
- name: Emma & Tom's Cacao & Coconut Life Bar
  image: "/uploads/cacao-coconut.png"
  is vegan?: true
  is high in protein?: false
  is dairy free?: true
  is gluten free?: false
  has no added sugar?: true
  custom feature: 
- name: 100% Freeze-dried Strawberries
  image: "/uploads/crispyfruits.png"
  is vegan?: 
  is high in protein?: true
  is dairy free?: false
  is gluten free?: false
  has no added sugar?: true
  custom feature: 
- name: Emma & Tom's Cacao & Chia Bar
  image: "/uploads/chia-cacao.png"
  is vegan?: true
  is high in protein?: 
  is dairy free?: true
  is gluten free?: 
  has no added sugar?: false
  custom feature: 
- name: Choc Almond Clif Bar
  image: "/uploads/Clif%20Bar%20Chocolate%20Almond%20Fudge%2068g.png"
  is vegan?: true
  is high in protein?: true
  is dairy free?: 
  is gluten free?: 
  has no added sugar?: 
  custom feature: 
has testimonials?: true
testimonials:
- name: David
  position: HR Business Partner
  company: Peakbound
  image: "/uploads/peakbound.png"
  review text: Being based in an office it is easy to snack on bad foods, Gnibl offers
    a healthy alternative to staff that always tastes great – plus you don’t feel
    guilty after your 3pm snack!
- name: Amie
  position: Concierge
  company: Work Club Sydney
  image: "/uploads/workclub.png"
  review text: Gnibl are wonderful at tailoring our healthy snack boxes. They listen
    to what we like and what works well for us and keep those items in the box but
    also make great suggestions for new things to try. We are never disappointed with
    what we receive.
- name: Julie
  position: Facilities Manager
  company: Employsure
  image: "/uploads/employsure-logo.png"
  review text: The Gnibl offering is just what we needed as it is healthy. The staff
    love the variety and the prices are competitive. We also love that there is a
    change of items to bring in new ones. Together with fabulous service, Gnibl is
    a great choice.
faqs:
- question: What is Gnibl Box?
  answer text: 'A Gniblbox is a one-stop snack drop which includes a collection of
    nourishing, tasty, dietician-curated snacks delivered directly to your office
    weekly, fortnightly or monthly. A Gniblbox will include a range of different full-sized
    snacks that are specifically chosen for their nutritional value and ability to
    boost the brain for a full day of productivity. New snacks are included in each
    delivery which makes the Gniblbox the most exciting thing to ever happen to your
    snack time. '
- question: How Many Snacks Come in Each Box?
  answer text: |-
    The small box includes 50\+ snacks.
    The medium box comes with 100\+ snacks.
    The custom box can be configured to include as many snacks needed to suit your unique needs.
- question: What About Billing / Shipping & Delivery / Returns ?
  answer text: |-
    **Billing** - You will be billed on the day that you sign up to Gnibl Box. Following this, you will be placed on our advanced billing cycle: Weekly plans are billed every 7 days. Fortnightly plans every 14 days. And if you've signed up for a monthly plan, you'll be billed every 30 days.

    **Shipping & Delivery** - We will ship your first box within 2-3 business days of receiving your order. Your regular boxes will be delivered according to the schedule you request - weekly, fortnightly or monthly.

    We deliver Australia wide for FREE to all major metropolitan centres. If you live outside Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Perth, or Adelaide, please get in touch (include link to Contact page ) and we'll provide a quote for delivery to your area.

    **Returns** - : If you are dissatisfied with a product for any reason, we will endeavour never to send you the same product in future deliveries. If a product is unsatisfactory due to a product defect we will replace the defective product and include the replacement in your next delivery. To report defective products you must contact Customer Service in writing via email at info@gnibl.com.au within 5 days of receiving the product.
- question: " How can I change or cancel my order?"
  answer text: |-
    You can cancel your recurring deliveries at any time by giving us a call, or sending an email to <info@gnibl.com.au>. If we have already packed and dispatched your box before we receive your request, that box will be your final charge.

    We require five (5) business days’ notice to cancel or make changes to your shipment.
- question: " Can I try just one box?"
  answer text: |
    If you’re interested in trying out the Gnibl Box before purchasing your subscription, you can try our Free Trial Box.


    If you have already tried out the free Gnibl Box, you can sign up for a subscription which can be cancelled at anytime. Don’t forget, you’ll have to give us five days notice before your subscription renewal to cancel your upcoming order.
- question: What if I don’t like some of the snacks?
  answer text: 'If you ever receive anything you don''t LOVE, let us know and we’ll
    make sure you don’t ever receive that snack again. '
layout: default
---

<main>
  {% include home_sections/home-hero.md %}
  {% include home_sections/clients.md %}
  {% include home_sections/about.md %}
  {% include home_sections/promise.md %}
  {% include home_sections/products.md %}
  {% include home_sections/instagram.md %}
  {% include home_sections/testimonials.md %}
  {% include home_sections/faqs.md %}
</main>

Commit message:

changes per Nick's feedback
>editable promise header field
>pricing link added to mobile home
>client header and tooltips
>email changed to work email

index.markdown, after:

---
title: Home
date: 2016-12-07 14:47:00 +11:00
landing:
  headline: Snack Better, <span class="green">Work Better.</span>
  sub text: Join the Gnibl Club for healthy, tasty snacks delivered to your office.
    Nourish your body and fuel your brain for a full and productive work day.
  cta: Try Gnibl for Free  
  mobile pricing link: 'see our prices'
clients:
- name: Employsure
  image: "/uploads/employsure-logo.png"
- name: Work Club Sydney
  image: "/uploads/workclub.png"
- name: SuperConcepts
  image: "/uploads/superconcepts.png"
- name: AMP
  image: "/uploads/AMP.png"
- name: AON
  image: "/uploads/aon.png"
- name: Insight Fundraising
  image: "/uploads/ificon.png"
about:
  intro: The only thing standing between you and nutritious nibbles are these three
    simple steps.
  steps:
  - header: Select Your Team Size
    sub text: We work with businesses big and small, who recognise that great teams
      deserve great snacks.
  - header: 'Select Your Subscription '
    sub text: We offer flexible delivery options so you can enjoy a nutritious snack
      drop every week, fortnight or month.
  - header: Delight in Delicious Snacks
    sub text: Your colleagues will love their healthy, delicious new snack options
      and they’ll have you to thank. No more trips to the supermarket or fumbling
      over receipts, just nutritious snacks delivered direct.
  cta: Join the Gnibl Club
promise header: Our promise
promise:
  employers:
  - header: Boost Office-Wide Productivity
    sub text: Power your team with the fuel they need to stay focused and productive.
    image: "/uploads/lightbulb.svg"
  - header: Recruiting and Retention
    sub text: Value your staff and become an employer of choice with an everyday perk
      that attracts top talent.
    image: "/uploads/checkboard.svg"
  - header: Excitement at Snack Time
    sub text: Enjoy a new and rotating range of genuinely healthy snacks in each delivery.
    image: "/uploads/rocket.svg"
  employees:
  - header: It Never Gets Old
    sub text: Look forward to something new with every delivery. A rotating range
      of snacks brings adventure back to the snack table.
    image: "/uploads/new.svg"
  - header: It’s Healthy!
    sub text: Trust us & our dietitian to care for your well-being whilst you take
      care of your deadlines.
    image: "/uploads/apple.svg"
  - header: " It’s Full of Goodness"
    sub text: 'We offer a variety of 15 or more full-size snackables in each delivery. '
    image: "/uploads/heart.svg"
products:
- name: Pure Coconut Water & Protein
  image: "/uploads/Raw%20C.png"
  is vegan?: true
  is high in protein?: true
  is dairy free?: true
  is gluten free?: false
  has no added sugar?:
  custom feature:
- name: Natural Popcorn with Sea Salt
  image: "/uploads/cobs-popcorn.png"
  is vegan?: true
  is high in protein?: false
  is dairy free?: false
  is gluten free?: true
  has no added sugar?: true
  custom feature:
- name: Emma & Tom's Cacao & Coconut Life Bar
  image: "/uploads/cacao-coconut.png"
  is vegan?: true
  is high in protein?: false
  is dairy free?: true
  is gluten free?: false
  has no added sugar?: true
  custom feature:
- name: 100% Freeze-dried Strawberries
  image: "/uploads/crispyfruits.png"
  is vegan?:
  is high in protein?: true
  is dairy free?: false
  is gluten free?: false
  has no added sugar?: true
  custom feature:
- name: Emma & Tom's Cacao & Chia Bar
  image: "/uploads/chia-cacao.png"
  is vegan?: true
  is high in protein?:
  is dairy free?: true
  is gluten free?:
  has no added sugar?: false
  custom feature:
- name: Choc Almond Clif Bar
  image: "/uploads/Clif%20Bar%20Chocolate%20Almond%20Fudge%2068g.png"
  is vegan?: true
  is high in protein?: true
  is dairy free?:
  is gluten free?:
  has no added sugar?:
  custom feature:
has testimonials?: true
testimonials:
- name: David
  position: HR Business Partner
  company: Peakbound
  image: "/uploads/peakbound.png"
  review text: Being based in an office it is easy to snack on bad foods, Gnibl offers
    a healthy alternative to staff that always tastes great – plus you don’t feel
    guilty after your 3pm snack!
- name: Amie
  position: Concierge
  company: Work Club Sydney
  image: "/uploads/workclub.png"
  review text: Gnibl are wonderful at tailoring our healthy snack boxes. They listen
    to what we like and what works well for us and keep those items in the box but
    also make great suggestions for new things to try. We are never disappointed with
    what we receive.
- name: Julie
  position: Facilities Manager
  company: Employsure
  image: "/uploads/employsure-logo.png"
  review text: The Gnibl offering is just what we needed as it is healthy. The staff
    love the variety and the prices are competitive. We also love that there is a
    change of items to bring in new ones. Together with fabulous service, Gnibl is
    a great choice.
faqs:
- question: What is Gnibl Box?
  answer text: 'A Gniblbox is a one-stop snack drop which includes a collection of
    nourishing, tasty, dietician-curated snacks delivered directly to your office
    weekly, fortnightly or monthly. A Gniblbox will include a range of different full-sized
    snacks that are specifically chosen for their nutritional value and ability to
    boost the brain for a full day of productivity. New snacks are included in each
    delivery which makes the Gniblbox the most exciting thing to ever happen to your
    snack time. '
- question: How Many Snacks Come in Each Box?
  answer text: |-
    The small box includes 50\+ snacks.
    The medium box comes with 100\+ snacks.
    The custom box can be configured to include as many snacks needed to suit your unique needs.
- question: What About Billing / Shipping & Delivery / Returns ?
  answer text: |-
    **Billing** - You will be billed on the day that you sign up to Gnibl Box. Following this, you will be placed on our advanced billing cycle: Weekly plans are billed every 7 days. Fortnightly plans every 14 days. And if you've signed up for a monthly plan, you'll be billed every 30 days.

    **Shipping & Delivery** - We will ship your first box within 2-3 business days of receiving your order. Your regular boxes will be delivered according to the schedule you request - weekly, fortnightly or monthly.

    We deliver Australia wide for FREE to all major metropolitan centres. If you live outside Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Perth, or Adelaide, please get in touch (include link to Contact page ) and we'll provide a quote for delivery to your area.

    **Returns** - : If you are dissatisfied with a product for any reason, we will endeavour never to send you the same product in future deliveries. If a product is unsatisfactory due to a product defect we will replace the defective product and include the replacement in your next delivery. To report defective products you must contact Customer Service in writing via email at info@gnibl.com.au within 5 days of receiving the product.
- question: " How can I change or cancel my order?"
  answer text: |-
    You can cancel your recurring deliveries at any time by giving us a call, or sending an email to <info@gnibl.com.au>. If we have already packed and dispatched your box before we receive your request, that box will be your final charge.

    We require five (5) business days’ notice to cancel or make changes to your shipment.
- question: " Can I try just one box?"
  answer text: |
    If you’re interested in trying out the Gnibl Box before purchasing your subscription, you can try our Free Trial Box.


    If you have already tried out the free Gnibl Box, you can sign up for a subscription which can be cancelled at anytime. Don’t forget, you’ll have to give us five days notice before your subscription renewal to cancel your upcoming order.
- question: What if I don’t like some of the snacks?
  answer text: 'If you ever receive anything you don''t LOVE, let us know and we’ll
    make sure you don’t ever receive that snack again. '
layout: default
---

<main>
  {% include home_sections/home-hero.md %}
  {% include home_sections/clients.md %}
  {% include home_sections/about.md %}
  {% include home_sections/promise.md %}
  {% include home_sections/products.md %}
  {% include home_sections/instagram.md %}
  {% include home_sections/testimonials.md %}
  {% include home_sections/faqs.md %}
</main>
